Update architecture diagram and doc (#4977)
cortexproject/cortex: docs/architecture.md

Cortex consists of multiple horizontally scalable microservices. Each microservice uses the most appropriate technique for horizontal scaling; most are stateless and can handle requests for any users while some (namely the [ingesters](#ingester)) are semi-stateful and depend on consistent hashing. This document provides a basic overview of Cortex's architecture.

> The following digaram does not include all the Cortex services, but does represnet a typical deployment topology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram does not include all the Cortex services, but does represent a typical deployment topology.
```

Queriers are **stateless** and can be scaled up and down as needed.

### Compactor

> The **compactor** is an service which is responsible to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **compactor** is a service which is responsible to:
```
